docs: add user facing documentation for real-time logs (#1963)
runatlantis/atlantis: runatlantis.io/guide/testing-locally.md

If you'd like to `apply`, type a comment: `atlantis apply`. You can use the `-d` or `-w` flags to point
Atlantis at a specific plan. Otherwise it tries to apply the plan for the root directory.

> ## Real-time logs

Author: Done!

If you'd like to `apply`, type a comment: `atlantis apply`. You can use the `-d` or `-w` flags to point
Atlantis at a specific plan. Otherwise it tries to apply the plan for the root directory.

## Real-time logs

> If you wish to see real-time terraform output for your command, there exists a github check for every project in the PR which 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The real-time terraform output for your command can be found by clicking into the status check for a given project in a PR
```

> links to the log-streaming UI. This is a terminal UI where you can view your commands execute in real-time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
links to the log-streaming UI. This is a terminal UI where you can view your commands executing in real-time. 
```
